Add ORC WG Comment Process (#2)
orcwg/orcwg: processes/orc-wg-comment-process.md

## ORC WG Comment

An _ORC WG Comment_ is a comment made by the working group to an external stakeholder that reflects working group consensus. To represent working group consensus, a working group comment must follow the following process.

1. A pull request of the proposed _ORC WG Comment_ is made against the `orc-wg-comment` folder on this repository by the comment’s author.
2. The _ORC WG Comment_ author sends an email to <open-regulatory-compliance@eclipse.org> with subject line `[ORC WG Comment review request]` to request a review from the working group. This kicks off a 1-week review period during which everyone is invited to make comments and propose edits directly on GitHub.
3. Once all of the following conditions are met the _ORC WG Comment_ can be merged in the repository and represents _working group consensus_:
   
   1. the review period is over,

>    2. a positive review threshold of 5 reviews is met,

Reviewer: That is a rather high bar - especially for simple request. I would say - there are at least 2 or 3 '+1's and no '-1'; or 5+ positives.

>    3. there are no remaining change requests from working group members, and

Reviewer: I would at least make this unaddressed -- and I would make this somewhat more reasonable consensus - not perfect unanimous consent.

Author: ```suggestion
   3. there are no unaddressed change requests from working group members, and
```

   4. the author has addressed every review comment they committed to address.
   
   Once the _ORC WG Comment_ has been merged it can be shared with external stakeholders as representative of the working group’s position on a topic.

> 4. If the author fails to address change requests by working group members to their satisfaction or if the pull request hasn’t met the positive review threshold, the pull request cannot be merged and the content of the proposed _ORC WG Comment_ cannot be used to represent working group consensus.

Reviewer: I would not make this so much "their" - but somehow tie it to wider general consensus

Author: What about:

```suggestion
4. If the author fails to satisfactorily address change requests by working group members or if the pull request hasn’t met the positive review threshold, the pull request cannot be merged and the content of the proposed _ORC WG Comment_ cannot be used to represent working group consensus.
```

> 5. Working group members who make a change request to a proposed _ORC WG Comment_ are expected to participate in the process in good faith in order to arrive at a consensus. Their change request may be overruled by the Steering Committee if the Steering Committee believes they are not acting in good faith.

Reviewer: Fairly narrow - would also keep room for expediency or for issues that reopen old debates where it was agreed to disagree

Author: What about:

```suggestion
5. Working group members who make a change request to a proposed _ORC WG Comment_ are expected to participate in the process in good faith in order to arrive at a consensus. The Steering Committee may overrule change requests. In such cases, the Steering Committee must provide a rationale for doing so.
```
